edit/clean up messages for org shapes and snapshots (#184)
salesforcecli/plugin-signups: messages/snapshot.delete.md

# summary

Delete a scratch org snapshot.

# description

> Dev Hub admins can delete any snapshot, while users can delete only theirs unless a Dev Hub admin gives the user Modify All permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dev Hub admins can delete any snapshot, while users can delete only their own unless a Dev Hub admin gives the user Modify All permissions.
```
